Write a simple web app (e.g. via Flask/Django) to display data and questions/results as a single HTML page.
For each question listed below (A1,A2,A2,B1,B2) display the question together with a "calculate" button.
On each calculate click display the corresponding answer to the question. The answer should appear below each question.
The answer should be displayed as text (single numerical value) or the table (depending on the type of result required)
All calculations required to answer the questions should be performed on the server (ideally using Python).
Displaying answers should not require page reloading (you may use AJAX or Fetch to API to get answers from the server and
JavaScript to modify the HTML DOM in place).

Questions to answer:

A. The file "9606_abund.txt" gives, for each human gene product/protein (Gn column), mean copy numbers.
A1. How many unique gene/copy-number values are in the file? (Single numerical value)
A2. Compute the mean and standard deviation of copy number for all unique human gene products/proteins (Table)
A3. Calculate the percentile rank (in terms of copy number ranks) for each gene product/protein.
(i.e. for Gene X, where is it in the ranks from top (0%) to bottom (100%) in terms of abundance) (Table)

B. Using additionally the file "9606_gn_domains.txt" (combine data from both files). This file gives, for each
human gene product/protein (Gn column) each domain (Domain column) that is present inside it.
B1. What is the domain with the highest average abundance (i.e. across all copies of the domain in all gene
products/proteins)?  (single numerical value)
B2. Compute the mean and standard deviation of domain average abundance for each protein (they have the
same labels as genes) domain by combining these two files also, compute the percentile rank values as above
(Two tables)

Upload data files and code to the public GitHub repository - check-in data files and code together with
instructions on how to run it (README) and notify us sending short email with GitHub
repo link to: tomasz.ignasiak@camcellnet.com

It is not mandatory to answer/complete all queries.  Note that part B presumes some knowledge of molecular
biology/bioinformatics.

Contact tomasz.ignasiak@camcellnet.com in case of questions
